Can you help me use some Python library or something to draft a powerpoint deck?
title = "Jervis Agentic AI Exploration - 1st draft 01042026.pptx"
Please make it sound human

Slide 2 - Intro
Card1
How I understand AO -> Like AIGP, build agent capabilities for scalability and reusability
Observability                   \
Agent Memory & State            -> we don't want to rebuild this for every single DSAI app
Agentic AI Patterns and HITL    /
(maybe other things too except for the three above)
Have a single central hub handle/manage all of this. Hypothetically, In the event a change is needed, e.g., langgraph framework is found to have CVEs and vulnerabilities and we need to change to a new framework, we don't need to change the code in all DSAI apps code repos but rather just one AO repo!
Philosophy: Agentic AI landscape is fast-changing, we must design in such a way that makes it not difficult for us to change/switch moving parts of the solution.

Card2
A bit hard for me to visualise what we need to log, without having a system to log and objects to log, so I build AO and clone of SWEE in my azure subscription to test.
Working philosophy used:
Build a working model, work backwards to look at all the decisions (ADR) made and the alternative decisions. (diagram of like a decision tree horizontal)
                                                                   	 langfuse     
										langgraph
											  final working model
									   *msft agent framework

The decisions/ADR may not be the most correct one or the one we should eventually take, rather just taken the moment based on what makes sense to get the model working, and then we look back to see what decisions could be made for the blueprint study.

Card3
Observability is the focus of Jervis' study, but in the process other components are studied and implemented too, refer to annex for those.

Slide 3 - Summary of Observability
Highlight the main things we traced/logged, talk about the pillars of observability (e.g., logging, monitoring, debugging), Give examples of what we did for each of them. Talk about metrics and performance. Cost and tokens. and latency, guardrails being traced.
Basically condense most of what we know into this one slide, make it concise and to the point. Also highlight questions we can ask to vendor for them to answer, as consultants. (what we are unsure of and need their advice)


Annexes
Can suggest what to talk about here, should be comprehensively cover everything we have implemented, but not too long-winded for each annex. I can provide screenshots as needed, can also show diagrams, I will refine them as necessary if you provide a diagram for the slide. Should talk about the ADR/decisions that can be made for every annex slide/section.
Can probably talk about the MCP server ADR
Can talk about
Agents and nodes state and agents to agents communication/handoff (Redis?)
Input and Output validation from Agents, between agents convo and for tool usage?
How to add agents and tools for each application? should be config-driven and scalable, cannot hardcode
Can maybe talk about the SWEE/Tax email assistant pattern ADR, like a. an intent classifier -> concurrent
specialist agents invocation or b. Magentic/Supervisor -> calls sub-agents and decides next steps or when to stop.
Can talk about rule policy to apply. Can be regex based and rudimentary. Filters out preliminary risks.
Can talk about graceful degradation
Can talk about how to let different apps team developers access only their apps traces in Langfuse, different project?
Can talk about using LLM as a judge/critic to review critical actions
etc...

Put langfuse in its own container app
guardrails
Make GPT CoT?
how to make sure our agents don't spam the tools calling? In the event a request failed or is stale?
AgentOps
Redteaming and deepeval
